Allow passing in url overrides (#134)
apollographql/apollo-mcp-server: .changesets/feat_jeffrey_allow_passing_in_url_overrides.md

### Allow overriding registry endpoints 

> read APOLLO_UPLINK_ENDPOINTS and APOLLO_REGISTRY_URL to override endpoints for fetching schemas and operations

Reviewer: Nit: frame changes from the user perspective, not your perspective.
```suggestion
Set APOLLO_UPLINK_ENDPOINTS and APOLLO_REGISTRY_URL to override the endpoints for fetching schemas and operations
```

Reviewer: Also, are there any other endpoints for end users to set? Or is this just for our internal use? If the former, let's just remove the changeset.

Author: I think it's more for internal use, so I can remove it!
